Yezi Yang, what else do you have to say?
As for the Qi family
But I wait for 5 people, and he is not a high authority on the summer solstice.
Do you think you have the eyesight of a young man?
Far better than me
Oh, I see.
I know you've all been deceived by him
You have occupied the soul of our Ye family, handed down from generation to generation, Long Xi
This is the work of dragon joy
Shit
I told you.
You are a humble life
How could it be the Supreme Holy Lord of all ages?
and
My, my.
What you say is yours is yours
Suppression Dragon Vein
You don't have a container, what do you rely on to suppress it?
Wild soul you towering power
I want you to die
I'm afraid he doesn't have the qualifications to die
What do you mean?
Do you really think this second betrothal gift
Mingwang is the only one who will wait for the five people to support the scene
Listen to you
There are others
Of course, although I'm waiting for 5 people to meet enough
Can also be divided into objects
Miss Fu is not the wife of the Holy Lord
Nature wants to get this world
All are recognized
So except for us
And the brothers of Shida Wukong
What do you mean?
The ten ancient tribes will also come today
That's impossible.
That's not going to happen.
Ten ancient tribes
That's the ten ancient tribes!
Each is a legendary figure
If you can see the patriarch of the ancient clan in this life
It doesn't hurt to die
father
We even want the top ten drums to change this fate
How far can these words be controlled?
Sir, although I am old
But I'm willing to saddle the horse for you
To question these little 07
You'll see.
Our family has sacrificed everything for our husband
Will be handsomely rewarded
Come on in.